The vimpager project and all files in it is licensed under the below
terms unless otherwise noted.

The entirety of the project can be considered under a dual license, the
2-clause BSD license (below) and the Vim license (see uganda.txt.)

Copyright (c) 2015, Rafael Kitover <rkitover@gmail.com> and contributors
(see the list of CONTRIBUTORS at the bottom of the 'vimpager' file.)

vimcat is Copyright (c) 2015 Matthew Wozniski <mjw@drexel.edu> and other
contributors to this project and is licensed under the same terms as
vimpager.

The following files are licensed under the Vim license and are copyright
their respective owners (see uganda.txt for the Vim license, and the
files themselves for the copyright owners):

src/less.vim
src/perldoc.vim
src/ansiesc/autoload/AnsiEsc.vim
src/ansiesc/plugin/AnsiEscPlugin.vim
src/ansiesc/plugin/cecutil.vim

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
